Hey! It's me, Destin. Welcome to Smarter Every Day.
So today this set is a bit different. I have a question about breathing.
It is simple. You see, we packed the third child who was going to the hospital to give birth to us.
My question is:
How do you become "like this - my baby, in my precious wife's body"?
So, 72 hours ago, my son is still in my wife's body, but now gone.
He is no longer in a liquid environment. He is inside a gaseous environment.
So something has to change, and in fact, that's great.
To learn more about the news, talk to someone who is smarter than me.
Ah, my wife can, but she is tired. good night! good night!
Well, so to figure out how babies from a liquid environment into a gaseous environment,
We have to be smart home.
So we came to the doctor's house.
Spiral staircase, you know he is very smart.
So, let's find him.
Hey, how are you? Hey, Destin.
So this is Dr. Schuster, and Dr. Schuster is ...
In the video we call you a baby delivery doctor. Alright
Well, he also plays music, and that lets you know that he's really smart.
So we have to get some information from him.
Well, so my question is simple. How do we breathe the fluid from our mother's womb and turn it into breathing air?
When the baby comes out, squeezed through the birth canal,
All the liquid inside the lungs, that is, the baby's ... urine
And baby's excrement, I mean, all the dirty things ...
Once they were squeezed, those things ran out and the baby gasped for the first breath, the inhaled oxygen,
What the baby needs.
That caused a huge change in the circulatory system of the baby,
And that's the tone to get everything working. The baby breathes by himself.
So when the baby breathes for the first time, is there really something like a switch on or what?
Some gates change the circulation inside the heart - changing the pipeline - if you want to say that. really? Ok.
Which of these gates ... Where are these gates in the heart?
The upper part of the heart. Correct! There is something called "foramen ovale"
It is a large lid between the left and right atriums.
Once the baby gets the first bit of oxygen - the first breath, it closes.
Well, so that's amazing. So for the first time baby sucks ...
That is why the first cry was so special because at that moment the baby started to live alone.
All related to breathing. Yes. It breathes its own excrement to inhale real oxygen,
The real nutrients needed for life.
Oh, that's great. thank you very much. You're welcome. Glad to be involved!
OK, we have a young man here. Let's see him.
He is alive and well, his lungs are functioning and is breathing air.
Just one thing happened at the moment of his birth, this is the one on this side.
I could hear that sound after he started making a little sharp sound ... I could hear that change as he came from the liquid environment to the gaseous environment.
The nurse brought him here and she inserted the tube into his throat,
Start sucking amniotic fluid.
This little guy started telling us his thoughts on everything.
Look at him and look at his face here.
Hmmm That's what I said. Looked over.
This is the ultrasound that he was still in the womb five months ago. This is a real record.
If you look closer, you can see all four heart chambers.
If you look a little closer, you can see the little thing Dr. Schuster mentioned.
Well, I do not know that, so I have to get my wife to draw it on the drawing.
So, in your heart, you have 4 ventricles and blood, and when the blood leaves the lungs,
It goes back through the heart to the body.
Then after leaving the body, it goes back through the heart and then back into the lungs.
We all know this. But this is when the baby leaves the heart of the uterus.
You have something here called "foramen ovale," and you have something here called "ductus arteriosus."
I heard you, boy. and many more!
So what happened here was that before the birth, "foramen ovale" and "ductus arteriosus" took blood out of the lungs.
So that means that about 7% of the blood flow to the lungs.
Dad is here. and many more!
So basically, the lungs are very small before birth. They have not swelled yet
Because of the "foramen ovale" and "ductus arteriosus," they are there, guiding the bloodstream.
So, once it turned over, the "foramen ovale" closed in about an hour,
And about five days later the "patent duct" left to become a lace.
I think this is really great. You can see that 100% of the blood back to the lungs,
And oh ... well, I'll hug him. You become smarter every day.
The nurse was gone, so I started messing around with them.
Wow!
Look at that. Ok. Now I turn on the super flashlight.
This is ... This is the active tracking.
Are you asleep? Now woke up!
Tolerate me check it out. I found a magic wand
What? Ok, optimistic. So, this has a big light source,
If I hold the magic wand against the light, then I begin to shine light and the light will follow the wand.
It tracks it.
So, it proactively tracks the light bulb in this magical stick.
"Chinese subtitles are provided by" Watch YouTube Learn English "at youtubelearn.com